1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
Government open data website

2. How many datasets are listed?
402,382 datasets found

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

 50 datasets found, the data from this category for health improvement as food access and air quality data. 

4.Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

Locating the Review page you can enter the USDA official website and get more information from there. 

5.Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
When looking for united state organizations the returns I get where NASA and ARMY, as well when looking for California I get eh state of California and open topography.

6. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

By looking into nutrition in USDA data give me data that have the main point of interest for neutrino in their research and collection of data. 

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?

When looking for a specific type of food in this case (salmon) the data I get where the specification for this food, I choose the grill salmon and the energy, calories, water amount and more information where display for me, also including the service side recommended for the USDA in the serving data information section. 

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available

The file it 3.4M and 467K zipped, and get a list in Json format with descriptions of food and categories. 